- [Instructor] So we've seen the Before
and we've seen the After Returning
and we talked a little bit about the After Throwing.
So now we're going to take a look at the Around Advice,
which is the one that I use most often
because this gives me the most flexibility
as well as controls a lot of various situations.
And the reality is often when I'm applying Advice,
I need the preconditions as well as postconditions.
And a lot of times I put timing in there as well,
to get some concept of how long that method took to execute.
So let's take a look at implementing an Around Advice.
All right, so let's jump back into our logging aspect
and let's change this to @Around.
And in doing so, we'll get rid of the returning statements.
Now when you are doing this,
you need to do a couple things different.
You can no longer return a void,
you need to return an object
and it's no longer just a join point,
now it is a proceeding join point.
As I said, a lot of times I do some timing here.
So let's go ahead and do that.
We will do a start time
and we'll set that equal to
system.current time in milliseconds.
We'll go ahead and leave most of this code the same.
Think maybe we'll do an object return value
equals join points.proceed.
Now proceed can expose a throwable.
So add that to our method signature.
And once again we have access to a return value
that we used in our logging,
but we also have this proceed.
So what's going on here is
everything prior to the proceed being called
is executed before the join point.
Once proceed is called, we get a return value,
which is the method's return value
and everything after that is executed after,
including the throwable.
Because if after returns an exception,
throwable will get returned.
So I can now wrap this with a try/catch block.
So with the Around, I can handle anything before,
anything after returning and anything after throwing.
So let's add a little bit more data here to our log message.
So after we get the name of our method,
let's do a message.append.
Total time and we will set that equal to
appending total time and then append NOLA seconds.
But our total time has to be set.
So let's set that after the proceed returns.
That way we can be much more specific.
So total time equals system.current time in milliseconds,
minus start time.
Okay, one more thing to do and that is to return.
So because we've wrapped this method,
we need to now specify that we want the return value
to go ahead and return.
So again, the try/catch can catch the exception,
but we got to send it back out.
So everything is now done, let's run our application.
And you will see that the first execution,
took 14 milliseconds.
The second one took zero, the third one also takes zero
and that probably has to do with setting up the strings
and doing some things like that on the first time,
which is why it took just a touch longer.
But what we've done here is we've gotten data out
because this method didn't get used higher up,
so the data was returned in order to print the message,
Howdy Partner.
We've gotten the method name, the arguments,
the total time it took,
and I hope you're starting to see
how you can build on this convention,
to get really good aspects that do really valuable things,
unlike this dumb logging one that I wrote
that doesn't do a lot.
But you could definitely enhance this to do much more
in a real world application.